PC-VRPTW/README.md, before:

# PC-VRPTW

These instances are based on the GH1000 instances.
See also the `VRPTW/` folder in this repository for details.

The instances are exactly as the GH1000 instances, but then in VRPLIB format (instead of Solomon), downloaded from the [LKH-3 webpage](http://webhotel4.ruc.dk/~keld/research/LKH-3/).
The data is the same, but a new `PRIZE_SECTION` has been added.
The prizes listed in that section are generated as follows.
Let $q_i$ be the demand of client $i$.
The prize $p_i$ is given by $h_i \times q_i$, where $h_i$ is sampled i.i.d. from $U[0.75, 2.25]$.
These prizes are the same as those used by Bulhões et al. (2018), and, in expectation, very similar to those used by Stenger et al. (2013).

Finally, the best-known solutions reported in this directory follow the DIMACS rounding convention, that is, distances and durations are truncated to one decimal.
The solution cost represents the total distance traveled plus the total uncollected prizes, i.e., the sum of prizes of clients that are not visited in the solution.

### References

Stenger, A. et al. (2013). The prize-collecting vehicle routing problem with
single and multiple depots and non-linear cost. EURO Journal on Transportation
and Logistics, 2(1–2): 57-87. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13676-013-0022-4.

Bulhões, T. et al. (2018). The vehicle routing problem with service level
constraints. European Journal of Operational Research, 265(2): 544–558.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2017.08.027.

Commit message:

Explain prize-generating procedure better

PC-VRPTW/README.md, after:

# PC-VRPTW

These instances are based on the GH1000 instances.
See also the `VRPTW/` folder in this repository for details.

The instances are exactly as the GH1000 instances, but then in VRPLIB format (instead of Solomon), downloaded from the [LKH-3 webpage](http://webhotel4.ruc.dk/~keld/research/LKH-3/).
The data is the same, but a new `PRIZE_SECTION` has been added.
The prizes listed in that section are generated as follows.
Let $q_i$ be the demand of client $i$.
The prize $p_i$ is given by $\max \lbrace h_i \times q_i, 1 \rbrace$, where $h_i$ is sampled i.i.d. from $U[0.75, 2.25]$.
This procedure for generating prizes is the same as that used by Bulhões et al. (2018), and, in expectation, very similar to those used by Stenger et al. (2013).

Finally, the best-known solutions reported in this directory follow the DIMACS rounding convention, that is, distances and durations are truncated to one decimal.
The solution cost represents the total distance traveled plus the total uncollected prizes, i.e., the sum of prizes of clients that are not visited in the solution.

### References

Stenger, A. et al. (2013). The prize-collecting vehicle routing problem with
single and multiple depots and non-linear cost. EURO Journal on Transportation
and Logistics, 2(1–2): 57-87. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13676-013-0022-4.

Bulhões, T. et al. (2018). The vehicle routing problem with service level
constraints. European Journal of Operational Research, 265(2): 544–558.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2017.08.027.
