TSP/README.md, before:

# TSP

This repository includes large instances (1000+ clients) from the Traveling Salesman Problem Library (TSPLIB) instances by Reinelt (1991).
Downloaded from the [TSPLIB95 website](http://comopt.ifi.uni-heidelberg.de/software/TSPLIB95/tsp/).
The following instances were excluded from this collection:
- `si1032.tsp`: uses upper diagonal row edge weight format
- `pla85900.tsp` and `pla33810.tsp`: too large
- `d1655.tsp` and `vm1748.tsp`: rounding issues

All instances have been modified to fit the VRPLIB format: the file extension was changed from `.tsp` to `.vrp`, and a `VEHICLES : 1` field was added to the header. 
Since there are no depots in TSP, it's assumed that the first node is the depot.

Solutions were obtained by running [LKH v2.0.11](http://webhotel4.ruc.dk/~keld/research/LKH/) over multiple runs.
Most solutions are optimal (marked as `Optimal: True` in the solution files), and the true optimal values can be found on the [TSPLIB95 website](http://comopt.ifi.uni-heidelberg.de/software/TSPLIB95/STSP.html).
The non-optimal solutions are very close to optimal:
- `brd14051`: 0.002% gap (8 units away from 469385)
- `d15112`: 0.001% gap (16 units away)
- `d18512`: 0.003% gap (18 units away)
- `fl1400`: 0.184% gap
- `fl1577`: 0.022% gap
- `fl3795`: 0.292% gap (largest gap - 84 units away)
- `rl1889`: 0.004% gap (13 units away)
- `usa13509`: 0.000% gap (15 units away)

### References

Reinelt, G. (1991). TSPLIB—A traveling salesman problem library. ORSA Journal on Computing, 3(4), 376–384. https://doi.org/10.1287/ijoc.3.4.376

Commit message:

Change scientific notation to floating point notation

TSP/README.md, after:

# TSP

This repository includes large instances (1000+ clients) from the Traveling Salesman Problem Library (TSPLIB) instances by Reinelt (1991).
Downloaded from the [TSPLIB95 website](http://comopt.ifi.uni-heidelberg.de/software/TSPLIB95/tsp/).
The following instances were excluded from this collection:
- `si1032.tsp`: uses upper diagonal row edge weight format
- `pla85900.tsp` and `pla33810.tsp`: too large
- `d1655.tsp` and `vm1748.tsp`: rounding issues

All instances have been modified to fit the VRPLIB format.
The file extension was changed from `.tsp` to `.vrp`, a `VEHICLES : 1` field was added to the header, and scientific notation was converted to floating point notation. 
Since there are no depots in TSP, it's assumed that the first node is the depot.

Solutions were obtained by running [LKH v2.0.11](http://webhotel4.ruc.dk/~keld/research/LKH/) over multiple runs.
Most solutions are optimal (marked as `Optimal: True` in the solution files), and the true optimal values can be found on the [TSPLIB95 website](http://comopt.ifi.uni-heidelberg.de/software/TSPLIB95/STSP.html).
The non-optimal solutions are very close to optimal:
- `brd14051`: 0.002% gap (8 units away from 469385)
- `d15112`: 0.001% gap (16 units away)
- `d18512`: 0.003% gap (18 units away)
- `fl1400`: 0.184% gap
- `fl1577`: 0.022% gap
- `fl3795`: 0.292% gap (largest gap - 84 units away)
- `rl1889`: 0.004% gap (13 units away)
- `usa13509`: 0.000% gap (15 units away)

### References

Reinelt, G. (1991). TSPLIB—A traveling salesman problem library. ORSA Journal on Computing, 3(4), 376–384. https://doi.org/10.1287/ijoc.3.4.376
